Our Mission
Sasha and Farris bonded over their love for creating beautiful experiences for their friends, family, and community. As Rosewood Studio continues to grow, we want to share this passion with our clients and community. Whether your event is big or small, we want to ensure that our floral designs and decor enhance your moment. We are pairing with locally owned artists to help build this vision and beautify the Morningside community. Additionally, we want to give back by partnering with local charities and schools to fund charitable endeavors and provide learning experiences to youth. Come join us on this new adventure as we strive to bring beauty to your world.


Sasha Fierro
Founder + Lead Designer
Sasha@RosewoodStudioATL.com
Phone?

The most beautiful flowers can only bloom from soil that has been fertilized with all the stages of life. Rosewood Studio is that flower for Sasha Fierro. Sasha began modeling at a young age, but quickly fell in love with the design and behind the scenes elements. She started her journey managing luxury salons before working for a fashion consulting company and then interned for Eddie Collins Design. Growing up in Utah, she always dreamed of having a neighborhood flower shop. When she moved to Atlanta that vision started to blossom in 2020 when she started 27 Florista to help provide for her and her daughter. Sasha was able to learn from some of the best floral and event designers in Georgia.  A cancer diagnosis continued to challenge Sasha, but she persevered and continued to grow this dream as she moved into a space at Casseroles thanks to an introduction to Betsy McKay by one of her dear friends. The time has come for Sasha’s garden to expand as we launch Rosewood Studio ATL. 
Farris France
Managing Partner
Farris@RosewoodStudioATL.com
Phone?

Farris came to Rosewood Studio with a unique background and set of work experiences. Farris started work at thirteen, heavily influenced by her step-father who grew up during the Great Depression. Primarily, she has spent fourteen years in public education as a high school librarian and literature teacher. Additionally, she has experience as a chef, yoga instructor, and as a restaurant franchisee. Farris brings a multifaceted background to Rosewood and has used this to build our brand and pursue our mission to give back to our community. 
